docs(sql): Update SQL variables docs for new dropdown UI (#14873)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/data-warehouse/sql/variables.mdx

## Creating SQL variables

> To create a variable, go to the [SQL editor](https://app.posthog.com/sql) and click the **Variables** button in the toolbar. From the dropdown, select **New variable** and choose a type (String, Number, Boolean, List, or Date). Enter the variable name, code name, and value(s), then click **Save**. The variable is now available in any of your project's queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a variable, go to the [SQL editor](https://app.posthog.com/sql) and click the **Variables** button in the top right toolbar. Start typing in your variable name, if it doesn't exist already, select **New variable** and create it.The variable is now available in any of your project's queries.
```

where event = {variables.event_names}
```

Click the **Variables** button in the toolbar to set values for variables used in your query. The dropdown shows variables "Used in query" at the top. Select a variable to set its value, insert it into your query, copy its code, or modify it.

> You can also set variable values on the insight or dashboard. For example, setting the `event_names` variable to `$autocapture` on a dashboard replaces every instance of `{variables.event_names}` in the queries with `$autocapture`.

Reviewer: @inkeep Can you revert this paragraph about setting variable values on the insight or dashboard, I think this is in accurate, I can't find the option as described
